1	Czechoslovakia, 1982), The Trap Door (UK, 1984). Films include , Chicken Run and The Adventures of Mark Twain. Cutout animation is a type of stop-motion animation produced by moving 2-dimensional
2	the use of Motion capture to name but a few, these techniques fall under the category of 3d dynamics. Many 3D animations are very believable and are commonly used as Visual
3	the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) and the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC), via the U.S. National Committee (USNC). ANSI participates in almost the entire technical program of both the ISO and the IEC, and
4	Technology. Institute of Nuclear Materials Management. Open Standards. References. External links. official Web site. - ISO14000 online portals. Documents of Interest:
5	parliament. Angola changed from a one-party Marxist-Leninist system ruled by the MPLA to a formal multiparty democracy following the 1992 elections. President dos Santos won the first round election with
6	a multi-party system. Executive power is exercised by the government. Legislative power is vested in both the government and parliament. Angola changed from a one-party Marxist-Leninist system ruled by
7	grains. Some perennials and biennials are grown in gardens as annuals for convenience, particularly if they are not considered cold hardy for the local climate. Carrot, celery and parsley are
8	and leaves, respectively. Tomato, sweet potato and bell pepper are tender perennials usually grown as annuals. Ornamental annualer perennials commonly grown as annuals are impatiens, wax begonia, snapdragon, Pelargonium, coleus and petunia.
9	of Bad Godesberg featured a musical score by the German punk rock band Die Toten Hosen which, combined with orchestral clips of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony and "other dirty melodies" (so stated by
10	settings such as museums. For example, Visible Interactive created a walking tour in San Francisco's Chinatown but the most significant effort took place in Malaysia at the Petronas
11	Newton OS Intelligent Assistant, a unique part of every Newton device. A vital feature of the Newton handwriting recognition system is the modeless error correction. That is, correction done in situ without
12	on the internet instead of relying on a paid clerk. Aging societies will be using new (medical) technologies from self-diagnosis to instant toilet urinalysis to self-administered therapies delivered by nanotechnology
13	mass media, mass recreation, mass entertainment, and weapons of mass destruction. You combine those things with standardization, centralization, concentration, and synchronization, and you wind up with a style of
14	created the Julian calendar in 45 BC giving it its modern length of 31 days. In 8 BC it was renamed in honor of Augustus, who did not
15	commemoration of the First Cry of the Philippine Revolution on August 23, 1896. August symbols. August's birthstone is the peridot or sardonyx. Its birth flower is the gladiolus
16	is found in caves through Kentucky and southern Indiana. It is listed as a threatened species in the United States and the IUCN lists the species as vulnerable. The White River,
17	and the IUCN lists the species as vulnerable. The White River, flowing east to west south of Bedford, Indiana, delimits the northern range of Amblyopsis spelea. These fish are not found in
18	Belgium, Canada, Chile, Cyprus, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Lebanon, Lithuania, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Slovakia, Switzerland, Uruguay, Vatican City and Venezuela. Although part of the United Kingdom, Wales also
19	Countries with diplomatic relations. Armenia currently has diplomatic relations with 153 countries. These include: Albania, Andorra, Australia, Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Benin, Brazil, Bulgaria, Canada, Chad, Chile, the People's
20	their name. Other prestigious architectural awards are the Alvar Aalto Medal (Finland) and the Carlsberg Architecture Prize (Denmark). See also. Architectural designer. Architectural drawing. Architectural engineering. Architectural technologist. Building officials. Construction engineering.